Feature/azure ai agents beta4 (#34576)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/ai/ai-agents/README.md

[Product documentation](https://aka.ms/azsdk/azure-ai-projects/product-doc)
| [Samples](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/main/sdk/ai/ai-agents/samples/)
| [Package (npm)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ai-agents)

> | [API reference documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/ai-agents-readme?view=azure-node-preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [API reference documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/overview/azure/ai-agents-readme?view=azure-node-latest)
```

The `AgentsClient` is used to construct the client. Currently, we recommend that you use the AgentsClient through the [Azure AI Projects Client Library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/ai-projects) using `client.agents`.

> To get your project endpoint you can refer to this doc: [azure_foundry_service_endpoint]. Below we will assume the environment variable `PROJECT_ENDPOINT` was defined to hold this value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get your project endpoint you can refer to the [documentation](azure_foundry_service_endpoint). Below we will assume the environment variable `PROJECT_ENDPOINT` holds this value.
```
